Add potential security issues in decoding (#138)
ietf-wg-cellar/flac-specification: flac.md

Directly after the last metadata block, one or more frames follow. Each frame consists of a frame header, one or more subframes, padding zero bits to achieve byte-alignment and a frame footer. The number of subframes in each frame is equal to the number of audio channels.

> Each frame header stores the audio sample rate, number of bits per sample and number of channels independently of other frame headers. This was done to simplify streaming of FLAC files over the internet (for example in internet radio) but it also allows these properties to change mid-stream. Because not all environments in which FLAC decoders are used are able to cope with changes to these parameters during playback, a decoder MAY choose to stop decoding on such a change. A decoder that does not check for such a change could be vulnerable to buffer overflows. See also [the section on security considerations](#security-considerations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each frame header stores the audio sample rate, number of bits per sample and number of channels independently of the Streaminfo metadata block and other frame headers. This was done to permit streaming of FLAC files over the internet (for example in internet radio) but it also allows these properties to change mid-stream. Because not all environments in which FLAC decoders are used are able to cope with changes to these parameters during playback, a decoder MAY choose to stop decoding on such a change. A decoder that does not check for such a change could be vulnerable to buffer overflows. See also [the section on security considerations](#security-considerations).
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I think streaming is still possible without this. As far as I know, most streaming today is done with unicast, where each client gets its own stream, including the header. FLAC streaming is commonly implemented as such, and with that, each decoder receives a streaminfo block and does not need the frame headers to convey information. One could call it: "encode once, mux as required"

It is needed with multicast streaming though, of which I haven't seen any example for FLAC. That's why I chose the word 'simplify'. Perhaps `This was done to permit multicasting of FLAC files over the internet` is a good middle ground here?

I presume you find this addition otherwise OK? It doesn't preclude FLAC files with changing parameters, but it makes it clear it is not a feature that should be relied upon?

Reviewer: > `This was done to permit multicasting of FLAC files over the internet`

`This was done to permit multicasting of FLAC` would be enough actually, Internet is only a mean, it could be broadcasted by satellite too :).

Author: I've incorporated the suggested change
